docs(idempotency): fix misleading idempotent examples (#661)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-python: docs/utilities/jmespath_functions.md

---
title: JMESPath Functions
description: Utility
---

> You might have events or responses that contain non-encoded JSON, where you need to decode so that you can access portions of the object or ensure the Powertools utility recieves a JSON object

Reviewer: Want to add a connection to the validation and idempotency utils now that this util is separated out, as that is the primary use case for it.
```suggestion
You might have events or responses that contain non-encoded JSON, where you need to decode so that you can access portions of the object or ensure the Powertools utility receives a JSON object. This is a common use case when using the [validation](/utilities/validation) or [idempotency](/utilities/idempotency) utilities.  
```
